# Veggie Enchiladas with Smoky Mayo

**URL:** Photo Upload


**Ingredients:**
• Coriander leaves
• 1 Red pepper sliced
• 1 Red onion sliced
• Tortillas
• Vegetable oil
• 400g tin Kidney beans drained and rinsed
• Ground cumin
• Chipotle paste
• Smoked paprika
• Vegetable stock cube
• Mayonnaise
• Cheddar cheese grated
• 400g tin Chopped tomatoes
• Spring onion(s) sliced

**Method:**
1. Chop the coriander stalks and stir through the enchilada filling.
2. Divide 3/4 of the enchilada filling between the tortillas, covering only half of each tortilla.
3. Seed the red pepper(s) and cut into thin strips.
4. Roll the tortillas tightly to form a cigar shape.
5. Peel and finely slice the red onion.
6. Heat a large, wide-based pan with a drizzle of vegetable oil over a medium-high heat.
7. Add the sliced pepper and sliced onion and cook for a few minutes.
8. Place the enchiladas in an oven-proof dish, with the seam face down.
9. Top with the remaining enchilada filling and the grated cheese.
10. Put the dish in the oven and cook for 10-12 minutes or until the cheese is golden and melted.
11. Meanwhile, drain and rinse the kidney beans.
12. Boil a kettle of water.
13. Dissolve 1/2 vegetable stock cube in 50ml boiled water.
14. Combine the smoked paprika and 1 tbsp boiled water.
15. Add the ground cumin and chipotle paste to the pan and cook for 1 minute or until fragrant.
16. Add the mayonnaise with a pinch of salt and mix to combine.
17. Add the chopped tomatoes, drained kidney beans, and vegetable stock to the pan and cook for 3-4 minutes or until a thick sauce remains.
18. Meanwhile, grate the cheddar cheese.
19. Trim, then slice the spring onion(s) finely.
20. Serve the enchiladas garnished with the coriander leaves and sliced spring onion.
21. Drizzle over the smoky mayo.